MERGE (n:Event {id: "sydneychurchstabbing"}) ON CREATE SET n.name = "Sydney church stabbing", n.summary = "A 16-year-old boy was arrested after a bishop, a priest and churchgoers were attacked during mass at the Assyrian Christ The Good Shepherd Church. At least four people suffered "non-life-threatening" injuries, police say. The attacker was also hurt. The incident was captured on a church livestream and quickly triggered unrest in the suburb of Wakeley. Australian police define terror offences as being ideologically motivated. Investigations are still under way, but they say they are satisfied this is a case of religious extremism. Authorities have repeatedly declined to state the religion of the alleged attacker. The church has named the priest as Father Isaac Royel and the bishop as Mar Mari Emmanuel. Ordained in 2011, Bishop Emmanuel is seen as a popular and controversial figure, whose sermons receive millions of views on social media. When graphic videos of the attack - and the aftermath - spread like wildfire online on Monday night, they drew an angry crowd to the Assyrian Orthodox Church, which is about 35km south-west of the city centre. There, hundreds of people upset over the attack violently clashed with police, who were guarding the church where the alleged attacker was being held. Two officers were injured - one suffering a broken jaw after he was hit with a brick and fence palings - and 10 police cars destroyed. The violence similarly left paramedics fearing for their safety and "holed up" inside the church for more than three hours. Maria, a member of the Assyrian community, told Guardian Australia that those present outside the church following the attack were "reacting to what they were seeing on social media". "There were many inflammatory posts making the rounds, people advocating for violence and such," she said. "It was making lots of people very angry." Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has convened an emergency meeting of national security agencies, calling the attack "disturbing". "We're a peace-loving nation... There's no place for violent extremism," he said. Trying to quell further violence, he urged that people "not take the law into their own hands". Questioned about the role that social media played in Monday night's events, Mr Albanese said he "remained concerned" about it. The government has told Meta, the parent company of Facebook, Instagram and Whatsapp - as well as X, formerly known as Twitter - to remove offensive content relating to the attack from their platforms within 24 hours or face potential fines." - Exception: {code: Neo.ClientError.Statement.SyntaxError} {message: Invalid input 'non': expected
  "!="
  "%"
  "*"
  "+"
  ","
  "-"
  "/"
  "::"
  "<"
  "<="
  "<>"
  "="
  "=~"
  ">"
  ">="
  "AND"
  "CALL"
  "CONTAINS"
  "CREATE"
  "DELETE"
  "DETACH"
  "ENDS"
  "FINISH"
  "FOREACH"
  "IN"
  "INSERT"
  "IS"
  "LOAD"
  "MATCH"
  "MERGE"
  "NODETACH"
  "ON"
  "OPTIONAL"
  "OR"
  "REMOVE"
  "RETURN"
  "SET"
  "STARTS"
  "UNION"
  "UNWIND"
  "USE"
  "WITH"
  "XOR"
  "^"
  "||"
  <EOF> (line 1, column 286 (offset: 285))
"MERGE (n:Event {id: "sydneychurchstabbing"}) ON CREATE SET n.name = "Sydney church stabbing", n.summary = "A 16-year-old boy was arrested after a bishop, a priest and churchgoers were attacked during mass at the Assyrian Christ The Good Shepherd Church. At least four people suffered "non-life-threatening" injuries, police say. The attacker was also hurt. The incident was captured on a church livestream and quickly triggered unrest in the suburb of Wakeley. Australian police define terror offences as being ideologically motivated. Investigations are still under way, but they say they are satisfied this is a case of religious extremism. Authorities have repeatedly declined to state the religion of the alleged attacker. The church has named the priest as Father Isaac Royel and the bishop as Mar Mari Emmanuel. Ordained in 2011, Bishop Emmanuel is seen as a popular and controversial figure, whose sermons receive millions of views on social media. When graphic videos of the attack - and the aftermath - spread like wildfire online on Monday night, they drew an angry crowd to the Assyrian Orthodox Church, which is about 35km south-west of the city centre. There, hundreds of people upset over the attack violently clashed with police, who were guarding the church where the alleged attacker was being held. Two officers were injured - one suffering a broken jaw after he was hit with a brick and fence palings - and 10 police cars destroyed. The violence similarly left paramedics fearing for their safety and "holed up" inside the church for more than three hours. Maria, a member of the Assyrian community, told Guardian Australia that those present outside the church following the attack were "reacting to what they were seeing on social media". "There were many inflammatory posts making the rounds, people advocating for violence and such," she said. "It was making lots of people very angry." Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has convened an emergency meeting of national security agencies, calling the attack "disturbing". "We're a peace-loving nation... There's no place for violent extremism," he said. Trying to quell further violence, he urged that people "not take the law into their own hands". Questioned about the role that social media played in Monday night's events, Mr Albanese said he "remained concerned" about it. The government has told Meta, the parent company of Facebook, Instagram and Whatsapp - as well as X, formerly known as Twitter - to remove offensive content relating to the attack from their platforms within 24 hours or face potential fines.""
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ^}
